h1. More jQuery UI

A bunch of widgets for use with jQuery UI. They are:

h2. Combobox

For use on textfields and select boxes and turns them into a flexible combobox with support for ajax.

h3. Usage

<pre>$('#some_textfield).combobox()</pre>

h3. Options

* _animated_ - the effect used in showing and hiding the droplist. See "jQuery UI Effects":http://jqueryui.com/demos/effect/ for a list of effects.
* _ajaxOptions_ - same options as "jQuery.ajax":http://api.jquery.com/jQuery.ajax/.
* _autoFilter_ - when using a collection to filter the list as user types text. (Default: true)
* _control_ - show the dropdown button next the input. (Default: true)
* _event_ - the event to trigger the dropdown list when not empty. (Default: focus)
* _height_ - the method to calculate the height of the input. (Default: outerHeight)
* _data_ - the data to populate the dropdown list. This can be one of three things:
*# An array of strings
*# A key-value object (or hash) with the value being used when displaying in the dropdown list, while the key is the value when selected.
*# A callback function with the value of the input passed as the argument. The function should return an array or a hash. The *this* keyword is the input element.
*# A url. The request [for now] must return either an array or a hash in json.
  *Note* - if the input is a select list then not specifying this option will use the options from the select list itself.
* _escapeHtml_ - escape the display text in the dropdown list. (Default: false)
* _overrideLocalData_ - for use when input is a select list to force using the options when not empty. (Default: false)
* _selectedIndex_ - get or set the selected item in the dropdown list.
* _textHighlighter_ - highlight matching entries in the dropdown list. Specify _false_ to disable. (Default: "<strong>$1</strong>")
* _width_ - the method to calculate the width of the input. (Default: outerWidth)

h3. Events

* _select_ - triggered when an item is selected from the dropdown list. The _ui_ argument contains _value_, _index_ and _text_ of the item selected.

h3. Methods

* _expand_ - to expand the dropdown list
* _collapse_ - to collapse the dropdown list
* _toggle_ - collapse or expand the dropdown list
* _enable_ - enable the element
* _disable_ - disable the element

h2. Multiupload

A multi-file ajax file uploader using File API and XmlHttpRequest, also supports dragging and dropping files
from the desktop. (Currently supports only Firefox 3.6 - maybe 3.5).

h2. Imagecrop

h3. Usage

<pre>$('img').imagecrop();</pre>

h3. Options

* _aspectRatio_ - the aspect ratio of the selection. 0 - disabled, 1 - width = height. (Default: 0)
* _cornerHandles_ - display the corner handles on the selection. (Default: true)
* _sideHandles_ - display the side handles on the selection. (Default: true)
* _maxSize_ - the maximum size of the selection in an array. (Default: [0, 0])
* _minSize_ - the minimum size of the selection in an array. (Default: [0, 0])
* _selection_ - the selection as an array/object of the dimensions. (_ie. left, top, width, height_)
* _allowSelect_ - allow the user to make a selection on the image. (Default: true)
* _allowResize_ - allow the user to resize the selection. (Default: true)
* _allowMove_ - allow the user to move the selection. (Default: true)

h3. Events

* _load_ - when the image is completely loaded, otherwise is triggered after the widget is initialised.
* _change_ - triggered when the selection is still being made or changed.
* _select_ - triggered when the selection or adjustment has been completed.

h3. Methods

* _select_ - select the specified region with a passed in array. (_ie. left, top, width, height_)
* _enable_ - enable the widget
* _disable_ - disable the widget
* _destroy_ - remove the imagecrop widget from the image.

h2. TODO

# finish documentation for multiupload
# IE testing for combobox